# Investing-in-the-Future
Primary school is the foundation for people to express their intellectual capabilities socially and academically. Exploring the completion rate, enrollment and government expenditure on primary education in a country helps us answer some of the following questions: “Does primary school affect income in life?”, “Does government funding matter when choosing a school for my children?”, and most importantly, “Is primary education important?”. 

This paper outlines the effects of primary school involvement on the gross national income. I used cross-sectional country level data from the World Bank database, where I collected primary school completion rate, enrollment rate, and government expenditure on primary school students per student as my independent variables. 

Using Stata to analyze this data, I found that primary school completion rate seems to be the best of the three indicators for GNI per capita. Together, they have an adjusted R2 value of 0.639 which indicates that in general, completion rate, enrollment, and government expenditures are good indicators in predicting GNI per capita. Some problems I faced during this project was a large sample size. With over 700 observations, my computer would lag and freeze when opening the data browser on Stata. In a future project, I would like to change my dependent variable from GNI per capita to poverty rate in a country to determine if countries who have higher enrollment, completion, and government expenditure are less likely to be in poverty. 

